Update actions expression documentation for ternary like behaviour (#24357)
github/docs: content/actions/learn-github-actions/expressions.md

* {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} ignores case when comparing strings.
* Objects and arrays are only considered equal when they are the same instance.

{% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} offers ternary operator like behaviour that you can use in expressions. By using a ternary operator in this way, you can dynamically set the value of an environment variable based on a condition, without having to write separate if-else blocks for each possible option.

#### Example

{% raw %}

```yaml
env:
  MY_ENV_VAR: ${{ github.ref == 'refs/heads/main' && 'value_for_main_branch' || 'value_for_other_branches' }}
```

{% endraw %}

> In this example, we're using a ternary operator to set the value of the `MY_ENV_VAR` environment variable based on whether the {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} reference is set to 'refs/heads/main' or not. If it is, the variable is set to 'value_for_main_branch'. Otherwise, it is set to 'value_for_other_branches'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we're using a ternary operator to set the value of the `MY_ENV_VAR` environment variable based on whether the {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} reference is set to `refs/heads/main` or not. If it is, the variable is set to `value_for_main_branch`. Otherwise, it is set to `value_for_other_branches`.
```
